How dare you come
Ah!
Dark Cloud
I'll take you down to heal
Yes
Hahahaha
Dragon and Demon
36 times in charge
But that's it.
court death
Let's do it
I'm going to use your redneck head today
Pay tribute to the souls of our soldiers in heaven
Want my head to come down and fly shamelessly
Hahahaha
When we suck blood and destroy your luxury
You dragon girls are
Will not live up to bullets
When the time comes, I will let you people
Trouble me
We Western medicine want to rule the world
Stop daydreaming.
Slowly satisfied
Also delusional to chase the deer in my Central Plains
Why aren't you dead yet?
sister
Whoever wins, I have time
Daughter, if you let go, you can live without dying.
Just because you told me the conditions
What do you want?
Do it!
As long as you give me the Three Treasures of the Western Regions, I will let it go.
Don't you think